= cucumber-cinema

Take a series of screenshots while runing your cucumber test suite. Movie is composed of screenshots of pages as
they appear in the end of each scenario. Cinematographer attempts to avoid duplicates by taking screenshots of
pages that have unique urls (without integer values that may represent model ids). In addition, screen shots of
emails with distinct subject are also taken

== Installation

Add this to you Gemfile

  group :test do
    gem 'cucumber-cinema'
  end
And bundle bundle install

Install wkhtmltoimage (https://github.com/csquared/IMGKit)

Add this to features/support/cucumber_screenhot.rb
  CucumberCinema::ViewSelectStrategy::new_movie
  After do
    screenshot_emails
  end

  at_exit do
   puts $cucumber_cinema_all_screenshots
  end

Enable cucumber cinema
  export CUCUMBER_CINEMA=true

== Usage

Run your cucumber suite and screenshots will be generated in directory tmp/screenshots/.
In addition, a symbolic link to the latest screenshots will be available in tmp/latest_screenshots/

Doesn't workwith spork yet
== Contributing to cucumber-cinema
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Ilya Katz. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

